# Rust API for openapi_client

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 1.0.0
- Build date: 2024-04-12T19:33:42.752310+02:00[Africa/Johannesburg]
- Generator version: 7.4.0



This autogenerated project defines an API crate `openapi_client` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `openapi_client`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `openapi_client`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `openapi_client` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client AdminUsersGet
cargo run --example client AdminUsersIdDelete
cargo run --example client AdminUsersIdPut
cargo run --example client DiagramsIdExportPost
cargo run --example client DiagramsImportPost
cargo run --example client EntitiesGet
cargo run --example client EntitiesIdDelete
cargo run --example client EntitiesIdGet
cargo run --example client EntitiesIdPut
cargo run --example client EntitiesPost
cargo run --example client GraphsGet
cargo run --example client GraphsIdDelete
cargo run --example client GraphsIdGet
cargo run --example client GraphsIdPut
cargo run --example client GraphsPost
cargo run --example client RelationshipsGet
cargo run --example client RelationshipsIdDelete
cargo run --example client RelationshipsIdGet
cargo run --example client RelationshipsIdPut
cargo run --example client RelationshipsPost
cargo run --example client SparqlQueryPost
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /admin/users | Get a list of users (for admin users).
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **DELETE** /admin/users/{id} | Delete a user (for admin users).
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **PUT** /admin/users/{id} | Update user roles or permissions (for admin users).
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **POST** /diagrams/{id}/export | Export a diagram to a desired format.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **POST** /diagrams/import | Import a diagram from an RDF source.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /entities | List all entities in a specific diagram.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **DELETE** /entities/{id} | Remove an entity from a diagram.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /entities/{id} | Retrieve a specific entity.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **PUT** /entities/{id} | Update an existing entity.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **POST** /entities | Add a new entity to a diagram.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /graphs | List all graphs.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **DELETE** /graphs/{id} | Delete a graph.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /graphs/{id} | Retrieve a specific graph.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **PUT** /graphs/{id} | Update an existing graph.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **POST** /graphs | Create a new graph.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /relationships | List all relationships in a diagram.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **DELETE** /relationships/{id} | Delete a relationship.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /relationships/{id} | Retrieve a specific relationship.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **PUT** /relationships/{id} | Update an existing relationship.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **POST** /relationships | Create a new relationship between two entities.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **POST** /sparql/query | Execute a SPARQL query against the underlying RDF data store and return the results.


## Documentation For Models



## Documentation For Authorization
Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



